## DRFPayCash

DRFPayCash is a Django project built with Django Rest Framework (DRF) tailored for robust financial management, encompassing both expense and income functionalities. The project comprises specialized modules for user accounts, payment processing, and cash management. It features well-structured models, serializers, tests, and views to ensure a reliable and maintainable codebase.

## Overview

- **Financial Management:** The project is designed to support both expense and income functionalities, providing a comprehensive solution for financial management.

- **Specialized Modules:** DRFPayCash includes specialized modules for user accounts, payment processing, and cash management, ensuring a tailored approach to financial features.

- **Google OAuth2 for Social Authentication:** Noteworthy is the implementation of Google OAuth2 for social authentication. The project adopts a native approach rather than relying on external APIs, ensuring control and security.

- **PyJWT for Authentication and Authorization:** PyJWT is employed for authentication and authorization, enhancing security measures and ensuring secure access to financial features.

- **Integration with drf_yasg:** The project seamlessly integrates with drf_yasg to automate the generation of API documentation. This feature offers users a convenient interface for exploration and testing of implemented features.

## Project Structure
```plaintext
/drfpaycash
|-- app
|-- docker-compose.yml
|-- Dockerfile
|-- requirements.dev.txt
|-- requirements.txt
```

## Getting Started
1. Explore the various modules, including user accounts, payment processing, and cash management.
2. Run the project using `docker-compose up`.
3. Explore the API documentation generated by drf_yasg at the specified endpoint.

Feel free to contribute, report issues, or provide feedback. Let's collaborate to enhance and optimize DRFPayCash for efficient financial management!
